Resellers/README.md, before:

List of resellers (this will be updated as we will deploy elwhere)

Mellow Direct:  https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_DDPO4TT

## Europe:

- Danemark: [3DO.eu](https://3do.eu/) 
- Germany: [CR-3D.de](https://www.cr3d.de/)
- Germany: [Meltbro](https://meltbro.de/mellow-vzbot-awd-330-3d-drucker-bausatz-metall-komponenten-golitath-hotend-hextrudort.html)
- F3D Racing: [F3D Racing](https://f3d-racing-fdm.myshopify.com/)
- Poland: [X3Dshop](https://x3dshop.com/products/drukarka-3d-mellow-vzbot-330-kit-1)


## Australia:
- [raven3dtech.com.au](https://raven3dtech.com.au/product/mellow-goliath-air-water/)

## Canada:
- [Northprint3d.ca](https://northprint3d.ca/product/vzbot-mellow-goliath-lsd-hotend/)

## USA:
- [Provok3D](https://provok3d.com/vzbot-2/?v=0a10a0b3e53b)
- [3Dprintedprinter](https://3Dprintedprinters.com) 
- [Genericprinter](https://www.genericprinter.com/product/goliath-air-water-v2-hotend/)
- [Print3Dshop.org](https://print3dshop.org/)
- [Fabreeko](https://www.fabreeko.com/collections/hot-ends/products/vz-bot-goliath-hot-end-by-mellow)


## More to come..

Commit message:

Resellers page reformat
Reformatting based on snippet from https://github.com/HumbleDeer/vzbot3d-docs/tree/goliath-pages

Resellers/README.md, after:

## Resellers

List of resellers (this will be updated as the Goliath becomes available). Listed countries or regions are the target region of the webshop or store.

- Mellow Direct: <https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_DDPO4TT>
- **Australia:**
  - [raven3dtech.com.au](https://raven3dtech.com.au/product/mellow-goliath-air-water/)
- **Canada:**
  - [Northprint3d.ca](https://northprint3d.ca/product/vzbot-mellow-goliath-lsd-hotend/)
- **Denmark:**
  - [3DO.eu](https://3do.eu/)
- **Germany:**
  - [CR-3D.de](https://www.cr3d.de/)
  - [F3D Racing](https://f3d-racing-fdm.myshopify.com/)
  - [Meltbro](https://meltbro.de/mellow-vzbot-awd-330-3d-drucker-bausatz-metall-komponenten-golitath-hotend-hextrudort.html)
- **Poland:**
  - [X3Dshop](https://x3dshop.com/products/drukarka-3d-mellow-vzbot-330-kit-1)
- **United States:**
  - [3Dprintedprinter](https://3Dprintedprinters.com)
  - [Fabreeko](https://www.fabreeko.com/collections/hot-ends/products/vz-bot-goliath-hot-end-by-mellow)
  - [Genericprinter](https://www.genericprinter.com/product/goliath-air-water-v2-hotend/)
  - [Print3Dshop.org](https://print3dshop.org/)
  - [Provok3D](https://provok3d.com/vzbot-2/?v=0a10a0b3e53b)
